STOCK MARKET PRICES PREDICTION FOR TATA 

Using the dataset with 2063 datewise entries of stock for TATA we can load the machine with data inputs.Thus finally using machine learning 
algorithms we can predict the future stock prices.
Stock Price Prediction using machine learning helps you discover the future value of company stock and other financial assets traded on an exchange. 
The entire idea of predicting stock prices is to gain significant profits. Predicting how the stock market will perform is a hard task to do. 
There are other factors involved in the prediction, such as physical and psychological factors, rational and irrational behavior, and so on.
All these factors combine to make share prices dynamic and volatile. This makes it very difficult to predict stock prices with high accuracy. 

##LSTM##(Long Short Term Memory Network)
LSTM is the module coming under keras library of ML
LSTMs work in a three-step process.

1.The first step in LSTM is to decide which information to be omitted from the cell in that particular time step. 
  It is decided with the help of a sigmoid function. 
  It looks at the previous state (ht-1) and the current input xt and computes the function.

2.There are two functions in the second layer. The first is the sigmoid function, and the second is the tanh function. 
  The sigmoid function decides which values to let through (0 or 1). 
  The tanh function gives the weightage to the values passed, deciding their level of importance from -1 to 1.

3.The third step is to decide what will be the final output. 
  First, you need to run a sigmoid layer which determines what parts of the cell state make it to the output. 
  Then, you must put the cell state through the tanh function to push the values between -1 and 1 and multiply it by the output of the sigmoid gate.

Thus using reshaping of data,train -test-split method,pyplot representation we finally represent the graph of actual stock price and the predicted
stock price. The predicted stock price shows a gradual increase in the correctness or precision index.